Psoriasis is a chronic, non-contagious inflammatory skin disease. When infected, the immune system overreacts, causing inflammation. Healthy cells are produced in greater numbers than normal, and these excess cells are rapidly pushed to the skin's surface. Normally, the skin cell cycle is about a month, but in psoriasis patients, it only takes a few days for blisters to appear. These blisters are red, itchy, burning, and often appear in colder weather. They don't flare up much in cooler seasons. Patients only go to the hospital for injections when a severe flare-up occurs. At the Psoriasis Clinic of Thai Nguyen Central Hospital, the number of patients examined and treated accounts for about 1 to 2% of the total outpatients. Most cases present with plaque psoriasis, pustular psoriasis, and arthritis. In severe cases, patients require hospitalization for intensive treatment. Current psoriasis treatments do not cure the disease but can limit damage and maintain stability. Currently, at the Dermatology Department of Thai Nguyen Central Hospital, we offer these treatments. We are currently using biological products, meaning the latest treatment method applied according to the regulations of the Ministry of Health. These are the main biological products for psoriasis patients covered by insurance ( 50%). In the near future, we will also introduce some more types of medication, for example, biological products for children. Here, we are using biological products for adults, and we also have biological products for children. Pediatric patients with severe psoriasis can also be referred here for treatment with biological products, which are very effective. Psoriasis has characteristic symptoms, but it can still be confused with some other skin diseases such as atopic dermatitis, rosacea, and fungal skin infections. According to doctors, the most important thing is that patients, after discovering the disease, must visit specialized dermatology clinics to receive appropriate advice and treatment.