The Central Quy Hoa Leprosy and Dermatology Hospital is a Grade 1 hospital in the Central region, providing training and guidance in dermatology for 11 provinces in Central Vietnam and the Central Highlands. With a scale of 540 patient lines, the hospital currently has one center, 11 functional departments, and 27 clinical and paraclinical departments, with a total of 474 staff and contract workers, including many doctors with Master's degrees and Specialist Level 1 and Specialist Level 2 qualifications. Currently, the hospital focuses on developing specialized fields in dermatology, plastic surgery, cosmetic surgery, skin aesthetics and care, laser and stem cell technology, general surgery, orthopedics, arthroscopic surgery, and resuscitation, general internal medicine and specialized obstetrics, pediatrics, rehabilitation and elderly care. The paraclinical department also focuses on developing advanced diagnostic imaging and other fields. The hospital has modern facilities and state-of-the-art equipment, and for many years, the Central Quy Hoa Leprosy and Dermatology Hospital has been providing examination, treatment, and management of leprosy. Psoriasis treatment, along with oral and topical medications, light therapy such as UV radiation, systemic therapy, classic oral medications, and non-biological immunotherapy, achieves high effectiveness in improving the quality of life for patients. Many psoriasis patients have one question: how long does psoriasis treatment take? Please listen to a dermatologist's full and accurate answer here. Psoriasis is a severe systemic condition, and therefore, it can last a lifetime. Currently, there is no specific treatment to completely cure it. Patients can choose suitable options to help them better control their condition, minimizing flare-ups and improving their quality of life. Patients should not be misled by claims of complete cures, traditional herbal remedies, or unproven medications. Using medications of unknown origin carries the risk of worsening symptoms and complications. Although it's a generalized form of pustular psoriasis, to best control psoriasis, patients must share their treatment goals and cooperate with their dermatologist to choose the most suitable treatment method. Patients undergo a thorough examination, consultation, and adherence to the dermatologist's treatment plan. In addition, non- drug therapies, including a healthy diet and lifestyle, can help patients achieve better treatment outcomes. If you have any questions or need further information, please visit the Quy Hoa Central Leprosy and Dermatology Hospital, located at 05 Che Lan Vien Street, Ghenh Rang Ward, Quy Nhon City, Binh Dinh Province. Our dermatologists will examine, consult, and treat you using the most advanced and appropriate methods. You can contact us via the hospital's official Facebook page and phone number, which will be displayed next to the video. The Quy Hoa Central Leprosy and Dermatology Hospital also serves as a platform connecting patients with each other. To share effective treatment experiences and help patients live more positively, please join the patient association of the Central Leprosy and Dermatology Hospital Quy Hoa A.