On the right is a common skin disease that is a source of anxiety for many people because it not only causes difficulties in daily life but also makes patients look very unattractive. Statistics show that most people with psoriasis suffer from low self-esteem, are reluctant to interact with others, and are shy in social interactions. In today's Healthy Living section, Professor Dr. Israel, one of the leading experts in dermatology, will help you understand more about this disease and present new methods in treating psoriasis with herbal remedies. The image above shows a typical psoriasis patient. This patient has had psoriasis for almost 10 years and has faced many difficulties in daily life. Almost a year ago, the patient was treated by Professor Michael Palin with herbal extracts. The image above shows a small bump appearing on the scalp and nails. In the first red writing practice, it was just a small pimple, then it gradually grew larger. What will it be? The afternoon intensification is from 4 to... For 6 months, this product was like that, sometimes it didn't have much effect. For example, with coffee, applying it topically can cause pain. Previously, the affected areas on the patient's skin had almost completely healed. However, 3 months ago, this patient experienced stress due to a family tragedy and a new job that involved exposure to chemicals. Therefore, the psoriasis relapsed. For psoriasis, mental factors greatly affect treatment. Currently, the exact cause of psoriasis is still not clearly defined. However, many studies have shown that genetic factors and immune system disorders can increase the risk of developing psoriasis. Following the World Health Organization's psoriasis treatment protocol, Professor Maicon has researched and combined herbal ingredients to create a product to treat psoriasis. Studies show that essential oils in sweet almond oil, shea butter, carrot flower oil, and germ oil help heal and soften the skin, have anti-inflammatory effects, and form an oil film in the stratum corneum. The inflammation caused by marigold is thought to activate and increase glycoprotein and collagen, which in turn helps heal wounds. The combined properties and active ingredients in the herbal formula aid in recovery and promote faster healing of psoriasis- related skin lesions, peeling or cracking, and help eliminate any unpleasant symptoms such as itching and burning. Professor Michael Curran's psoriasis treatment method, extracted from herbs, has been independently clinically tested on thousands of patients in many countries such as Austria, Slovakia, Russia, Hungary, Australia, Poland, Italy, and China. Effectiveness is achieved in 82 to 90 percent of patients, and the herbal solution shows no side effects.