Psoriasis is classified as an autoimmune disease. So, what abnormal immune mechanism causes this disease? Regarding psoriasis, it is a common disease, and it has long been established that psoriasis is an autoimmune disease with a genetic component. If it is psoriasis of the first kind, then psoriasis currently meets all five criteria to be classified as an autoimmune disease . For example, it is a disease related to cell-mediated immunity involving immune cells. Secondly, when using Cctit, psoriasis also subsides. And thirdly, it has now been discovered that circulating antibodies in the blood are related to the severity of the disease, namely the LL37 factor related to T cells. And finally, experimentally, it is possible to induce the disease in a controlled manner . So, currently, it can be determined that psoriasis is an autoimmune disease . How many clinical forms of psoriasis are there, and which forms are most common and easily confused with other diseases? Psoriasis is currently a disease of great concern worldwide because, although it is not contagious, it affects a large proportion of the population, especially those in the main workforce, most commonly between the ages of 18 and 30. Currently, the world classifies psoriasis into many forms, including guttate psoriasis, nummular psoriasis, pustular psoriasis, erythrodermic psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, nail psoriasis, and inverse psoriasis, etc. However, to facilitate research on psoriasis in Vietnam, the Vietnam Dermatology Association has agreed to divide psoriasis into two forms. Psoriasis is the most common form, accounting for 80 to 85% of cases, and its subtypes include punctate, guttate, nummular, and plaque psoriasis. And secondly, there's the special form, which is the severe form of psoriasis. These include pustular psoriasis, erythrodermic psoriasis, and psoriatic arthritis. And especially, these three forms are usually transitioned from the common form to this severe form due to the patient's improper use of medication, particularly systemic medication, which can lead to other severe forms. Therefore, in treatment and treatment, accurate diagnosis is crucial, but it's essential to diagnose the specific type and severity of the disease in order to develop an appropriate treatment plan and strategy for each individual patient. Besides the lesions themselves, how is psoriasis related to metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and psoriatic arthritis ? Sir, nowadays psoriasis is associated with many internal organ damage issues. Therefore, nowadays we call psoriasis a systemic disease, a generalized disease, rather than just a skin condition. And the one of the most concerning issues is metabolic syndrome. Metabolic syndrome is manifested as lipid metabolism disorders , including four indicators of lipid metabolism and two more indicators of metabolic disorders associated with diabetes mellitus. In addition, some examples of uric acid disorders are very common in psoriasis patients. Since these diseases exist, we need a combination of treatments, but it's not the case that one can treat the disease with just one medication. Yes, thank you. Yes.