Yes,yes [music] Yes, from 7 to light therapy, also known as phototherapy, is a method using light in the ultraviolet spectrum to treat psoriasis. This method will help psoriasis patients in 4 ways: firstly, it will inhibit the excessive growth of skin cells; secondly, it will inhibit the patient's overactive immune system; thirdly, it will reduce the inflammatory response and help cool the patient better; and fourthly, it will reduce the itching symptoms of the patient. Currently, narrow-spectrum UVB is the most commonly used method for psoriasis patients. This method can also be used for children, pregnant or breastfeeding women, and even in patients with weakened immune systems. Phototherapy can be applied to treat psoriasis of the scalp, hands, armpits, nails, and most other locations such as palms, soles of the feet, generalized psoriasis, and nail fungus. [music] When treatment is carried out in the hospital, and to achieve good results, most patients need 2 to Three treatments per week. However, in some special cases, up to five treatments per week may be needed. Step 1: Upon arrival at the hospital, the patient will be examined by doctors before starting light therapy. Depending on the area and location of the lesion, the patient will be chosen for localized or systemic treatment. Step 2: The patient will wear protective eyewear and expose the area to be irradiated. Sensitive skin areas, however, the male genital area should be covered with a towel. Step 3: The patient begins the treatment regimen with the energy level and irradiation time determined by the light therapist. [Music] Use a mild shower gel and only shower with warm water once a day for a short time, 5 to 10 minutes. Afterward, we need to moisturize the skin 2 to 3 times a day. [Music] Although this is a very safe method, it should not be applied to patients with a history of melanoma and other forms of skin cancer. Other conditions that increase the risk of skin cancer include xeroderma pigmentosum, or conditions that make the skin more sensitive to ultraviolet rays such as Syrian lupus erythematosus, and the use of medications that sensitize to ultraviolet rays such as antibiotics, diuretics, and antifungals. If you still have any questions about this, please visit the Ho Chi Minh City Dermatology Hospital for a specific examination and consultation based on your individual condition. [music] umum