My husband has had psoriasis for a long time. I'm wondering if it could be inherited by our next baby? This is a very good question that many psoriasis patients have asked us at that point. Psoriasis is currently classified into two types. Clinically, type one psoriasis is characterized by paternal onset, for example, onset before age 40. However, in-depth immunological studies will reveal the presence of HNA CUS 6 DR7, and clinically, it has a familial component . Thirdly, it accounts for a significant percentage, 80 to 85%. What about psoriasis, specifically the second type, which has clinical onset at age 40 and no family history? Therefore, in a specific psoriasis patient, if the onset occurs after the age of 40, one can rest assured that their children will not have any family history of the condition. What about if it starts before age 40? That's possible, but it requires in-depth research. We need to delve deeper into genetic research, and Vietnam has already done some research on this, bringing it to the forefront. This is a long-term study to prevent the disease and its progression. For example, if two children share a genetic factor, and one of them carries that genetic element, the specialist must advise that child to avoid triggering factors in order to stabilize the condition and prevent it from manifesting. Besides the issue of treatment, there is also the issue of prevention to prevent the disease from developing. That's a future study and definitely needs to be researched with that in mind. Another study from around the world indicated that if both parents have psoriasis, approximately 17% of their children will also develop psoriasis. Those who have only one mother or one father account for only 7%. But if you have intestinal problems, then it's only 4%. Even in the third generation, the rate was only about 2%, so in short, to prevent the onset of alcohol-related illnesses, we must limit our consumption. And if there is any suspected lesion or symptom, you should see a specialist immediately so they can make a diagnosis and provide early treatment for the patient. Since you have this illness, you should go to STP.