Foods that are good for psoriasis patients. A reader asks the doctor: " I have an uncle who has had psoriasis for 20 years. Currently, he is very tired, has no appetite, and also has cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, and cerebral ischemia. Could you please advise on foods that are good for him? My family wants to give him more food. Is this possible? Thank you, doctor." Dr. Cao Thi Lan Huong, a specialist working at Trung Vuong Hospital in Ho Chi Minh City, advises as follows: "Hello, with psoriasis, a diet rich in anti-inflammatory foods can reduce the severity of the disease. Psoriasis is an inflammatory condition, so the condition can be better controlled if you eat more anti- inflammatory foods. Some studies show that antioxidants such as vitamin C, vitamin E, beta-carotene, and celine Dioxide, fatty acids from fish oil, have an effect on improving the condition. We can find anti-inflammatory substances in foods, primarily fruits and vegetables. Almost all anti-inflammatory diets include..." Fruits and vegetables are rich in antioxidants, compounds that reduce stress and inflammation. A diet high in fruits and vegetables is recommended for people with inflammatory conditions such as psoriasis. Foods to eat include broccoli, cauliflower, leafy greens like kale, romaine lettuce, and berries such as blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, cherries, grapes, and other fruits. Next is fat from fish. A diet high in fish can provide the body with anti-inflammatory Omega-3s. Omega-3 intake is associated with reduced inflammatory substances and decreased overall inflammation. Types of fish to eat include fresh and canned salmon, sardines, and cod. Next, rich in heart-healthy fats like fish, some vegetable oils also contain anti-inflammatory fatty acids. It's important to focus on oils with a higher ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 fatty acids. Oils to eat include plenty of olive oil, coconut oil, flaxseed oil, and mulberry oil. Nutritional supplements: a 2013 review of... Research shows that nutritional supplements can help reduce inflammation in psoriasis. Fish oil, vitamin D, vitamin B12, and selenium have all been studied and shown to improve psoriasis. The benefits of supplementing these nutrients may include reducing the frequency and severity of flare-ups. In addition, patients should avoid red meat, dairy, and processed foods. Bird's nest can also be used as a supplement. If your uncle is too tired, you should have him examined by a cardiologist and dermatologist so that doctors can assess his health condition, prescribe medication to stabilize and control the disease, and combine this with a proper diet for optimal results. Thank you for asking the question. I wish you and your family good health. Please subscribe to the " Alo Doctor Video" channel to receive more of the latest health and medical information. [Music] [Applause] [Music]